Vtouati pbi 263736 pipoint changes (#747)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: content/add-organize-data/collect-data/connectors/pi-to-ocs/troubleshoot-pi-to-ocs/troubleshoot-pi-point-errors.md

| PI point error                                               | Troubleshooting solution                                     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| PI Point Not Found | Ensure the PI point exists on the configured Data Archive. Verify that the identity is mapped to the service account running the PI To OCS Agent and also has read permission on the PI point and the PI point data. |

> | PI Point Type Change Detected | Check the [PI to OCS event logs](xref:view-logs) in the Windows Event Viewer for the cause of the error. Filter the logs by "Type Change" or event ID "204" to locate the error message that contains the ID of the PI point that had its type changed. Change the type of this point to match it's respective SDS Stream type and then restart the transfer to allow data to resume transferring from that PI point. Either restart or recreate the transfer to ensure all data is sent from the PI point(s) in question. See [PI point type change](xref:pi-point-change) for more information. |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PI Point Type Change Detected | Check the [PI to OCS event logs](xref:view-logs) in the Windows Event Viewer for the cause of the error. Filter the logs by "Type Change" or event ID "204" to locate the error message that contains the ID of the PI point that had its type changed. Change the type of this point to match its respective SDS Stream type and then restart the transfer to allow data to resume transferring from that PI point. Either restart or recreate the transfer to ensure all data is sent from the PI point(s) in question. See [PI point type change](xref:pi-point-change) for more information. |  

```

Reviewer 2: I missed this in my initial review. You can remove any mention of needing to recreate the transfer from this section. Recreating a transfer is no longer needed.

Author: Got it! Good catch. I will remove the part on recreating a transfer. Thnx.

> | Cannot connect to the PI Data Archive. Windows authentication trial failed because insufficient privilege to access the PI Data Archive. Trust authentication trial failed because insufficient privilege to access the PI Data Archive. | Configure a PI mapping for the service account running the PI To OCS Agent that can connect to PI Data Archive. We recommend this approach as it is the most secure connection method. For information on creating PI mappings, see the section on how to create a PI mapping in the [Run the PI to OCS Agent Configuration Utility](https://docs.osisoft.com/bundle/ocs/page/add-organize-data/collect-data/connectors/pi-to-ocs/set-up-pi-to-ocs/config-utility.html) topic. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cannot connect to the PI Data Archive. Windows authentication trial failed because insufficient privilege to access the PI Data Archive. Trust authentication trial failed because insufficient privilege to access the PI Data Archive. | Configure a PI mapping for the service account running the PI To OCS Agent that can connect to PI Data Archive. We recommend this approach as it is the most secure connection method. For information on creating PI mappings, see the section on how to create a PI mapping in the [Run the PI to OCS Agent Configuration Utility](xref:pi-to-ocs-utility) topic. |

```
